friends hello again with you again
total and games and I also have quite
interesting news
for sure you remember that in assassin's
creed unity was such a beginning of the game
plate where there were different assassins and
new and old well friends
one of our subscribers ruslan a
threw us information about here
of all this I will read it now and
give my opinion in the process
assassin's creed the unity of
games cut pretty much to them
number of different places including
mission data mission data files on this
files are kept to this day
attack the game itself does not use them here
image from the game files can also be
notice that in these missions
attended and Nikolay Eagles Russian
the office
well friends this is all very disappointing
there is for sure and heights like to do
these missions are available to you in some kind
mode is possible new but for some reason find
file and we just did idle but
they still have in the game they can
perhaps in some way to use
I don't know for sure but I guess
there are some craftsmen who
will be able to turn it all up somehow and
maybe even play these here
the missions are small ie the game here we are
the beginning of the game we played for
the templar don't remember his name just
terrible name of duty and incomprehensible here and
I would just like to play with the same
Altair high to make this dinner Well
This port someone norkin flour and more
there is an auditor edward kenway
Eagles the same Russian there is a bunch of pile
many even worries can play here
why do developers even cut out
such a possibility is unclear perhaps they
They want to release some
bios paid which will give the opportunity
here open all these missions here to play
with these heroes of this we do not know friends
but the information is very helpful thank you
great
if you watch this video thanks
because we have been looking for a solution for a long time
This problem was looking for a way out of the menu.
played in the rift mechanic almost with
ducks to open this menu but
nothing worked well now at least
it is understandable that it is understandable that it
everything is impossible everything is so well
friends thanks for watching I think this
the information for you 2 is helpful and i think
what can be all the same developers
lead this further game but I don't even
look with you thanks for watching
bye everyone